# Module 6 Project

Title: **Job Board API**  
Repository Name: **job-board-api**  
Create a **REST API** with **Symfony** for a job board.  
This board should have a few entities such as companies, jobs, and applicants.

## Functional Requirements

- **User authentication**: the client should be able to sign up and log in (via token) to the application to use the routes.
- **Company management**: the client should be able to create, read, update, and delete companies.
- **Job posting management**: the client should be able to create, read, update, and delete job posts.
- **Job search and filtering**: the client should be able to search and filter job postings based on the title, company, location, and other relevant criteria (the route to list jobs should be public).
- **Applicant management**: the client should be able to create, read, update, and delete applicants.
- **Job application management**: the client should be able to submit an application, including the applicant and job applied for; also, remove an application. For example, attaching and removing an existing applicant to an existing job.
- **Reporting**: the clients should be able to see the list of applicants for a job posting and the list of jobs applied for by an applicant.

*Note: no need to filter the jobs according to the logged-in user.*

## Entities

The entities' fields are not limited to the ones below.

- **User**: at least the default user fields generated by Symfony (and presented in the lessons).
- **Company**: name, description, location, job posts, and contact information.
- **Job**: title, description, required skills, experience, **applicants**, **company**, and other relevant details.
- **Applicant**: name, contact information, job preferences, and **jobs applied**.

## Routes:

Below are some route names **suggestions** according to the requirements described.

- /api/auth/signup
- /api/login_check
- /api/companies
- /api/jobs
- /api/applicants
- /api/job-applicants

## Technical Requirements

- Push it to a new repository on **GitLab**.
- Push it also to your **GitHub** repository.
- Add the **API Documentation**.
- Add **validations** to routes input data.
- Add **authentication** to the routes using the Json Web Token (JWT).
- Include a **well-structured README** file ([check the recommendations](https://github.com/jehna/readme-best-practices/blob/master/README-default.md)).
- Add the **quality tools**, at least PHPStan (level 5 is acceptable) and PHPCodeSniffer.
- Check the **Symfony tools** presented in the lessons that you can use.
- (Optional) Add unit tests for the area of code you see it is possible to do so.
- (Optional) Add the option to start the application with Docker (Docker Compose).

## Deadline
